what's up guys it's titus one back again
with another video and today I have a
shoe review for you and it is on the
all-black Air Max 90 to Reims this just
came out recently really really dope
shoe but before I get into the review
shoutouts to the G money 0 for one and
IB is 365
really cool dudes go check out their
channel I'll put a link in the
description so yeah alright let's get
into the review alright guys so here is
the box label really quick as you guys
can see it is the Nike Air Max 90
Comfort premium tape size eight and a
half the official colorway is black
black silver and metallic silver and the
retail price was 130 alright so now
let's just get into the shoes alright so
starting from the back you got the Nike
Air tab right there and it's actually
not in black it's actually a really dark
grey but I think it really adds some
nice contrast and then as you guys can
see the sunlight is actually catching
the three up really well but I'm gonna
put some pictures on the video of with
the flash on so you guys gonna see the
whole 3m effect alright and then going
on to the sides
you got your all-black mud guard and
that is actually not the REM that's just
the regular black leather but the Air
Max logo right here is the same color as
the tab and that is also 3m
then as you guys know like all the
regular AMX 90s they have mesh as both
of the upper but these ones I'm pretty
sure it's a hyper fuse material then you
can kind of see the tiger stripes behind
it and that's the 3m and then instead of
like the end scenes and the stitching
you have this tape that goes all the way
around it and then on to the toe box and
then the swoosh is that same tape haikus
material and onto the tongue the tongue
is actually like a nylon material so I
thought that was a nice touch to it
different materials on the shoe you got
all black laces then your MX Andy you
know like eyelids on here
then you got your white Nike Air Max
logo right there on the other side
pretty much exact same thing you got
your air unit right there which is like
a really like array almost a white and
then ice at the bottom of the shoe just
your regular air max 90 tread got your
Nike logo right there all black